Now let's talk about event notifications
for the AWS Health Service.
So we can actually use EventBridge
to react to any kind of events in your account
through AWS Health.
As an example, it is possible for you
to receive email notifications when EC2 instances
in your accounts are scheduled for updates.
For this, we just have
Health Dashboard triggers EventBridge
and then triggers SNS.
So it's possible for you to receive account events
that are for the resources
that are affected within your account
and also public events
to know the regional availability of a service.
So the use cases of these kind of event notifications
for Health Dashboard
is to send notifications to capture event information
to automatically take corrective action.
So from EventBridge, again,
we have all the EventBridge integrations.
So we can have Lambdas, SNS, SQS,
Kinesis Data Streams and so on.
I wanted to give you a few more examples
into what we could do.
For example, we know that there is an event
in the Health Dashboard to find exposed IAM keys.
So the Health Dashboard will trigger EventBridge,
and for that specific event,
we can integrate a Lambda function
and that Lambda function
will automatically delete the access keys,
therefore remediating the issue.
Or for example, we know that some instances
are scheduled for retirement on EC2
and so the only thing we have to do is to restart them.
So from the AWS Health Dashboard,
we're going to trigger an event in EventBridge
for the instance scheduled for retirement.
And then from EventBridge,
we can manipulate that event
and actually restart right away the instance
as an EC2 action from EventBridge.
Therefore, we'll have fixed all these kind of problems.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.